Anonymous Pre-Approval Bulletin Board System (APABBS)
-----------------------------------------------------

The philosophy of this software is that it is better to moderate posts before they are
published. Bad actors are usually content to get their message heard even if it comes at the cost
of a ban. Reactive moderation causes unnecessary stress for moderators, as they have to be
concerned about what has been posted at all hours of the day. There is a time pressure on
moderators to act quickly and make a judgment on something that has already been published, whereas
it would be more comfortable to take their time with it.

Features
--------
- Supports images, video, text and Youtube links.
- Adds new posts to the homepage via WebSocket.
- Displays well at various browser sizes including mobile.
- Tuned for Chrome, Firefox and Safari.
- Extremely fast responses to all requests.
- File uploads are encrypted until approved.
- Works without JavaScript.
- Usernames must be approved by the admins.
- Spam prevention by auto-banning keywords.
- Flood protection.
- Hashes and scrubs IP data to protect user privacy.
- Light and dark mode determined by OS preference.
- Embed functionality when linked on Twitter or Discord.
- Rust memory safety prevents leaks and overflow attacks.
- Small memory footprint.
- Optimal CPU core usage due to asynchronous programming with Tokio.
- CSRF protection.
- HTML, CSS, and JS are easy to read by users.
- All code is well-commented and organized.
- Full integration testing.
- Full error handling including Sentry integration.

Documentation
-------------
API documentation generated by rustdoc is available at [apabbs.org/doc](https://apabbs.org/doc).

Installation
------------

1. Install Rust using `rustup`.
2. Install PostgreSQL, pkg-config, rsync, GnuPG, VIPS, FFmpeg, Chromium and direnv. On Debian:
   `apt install postgresql pkg-config rsync gnupg libvips-tools ffmpeg chromium direnv`
3. Create a `gpg.key` file with a random string value: `gpg --gen-random 2 32 | base64 > gpg.key`
4. Install Cargo packages: `cargo install sqlx-cli cargo-sweep cargo-update`
5. Create a Postgres role with CREATEDB and LOGIN privileges:
   `CREATE ROLE apabbs WITH CREATEDB LOGIN PASSWORD 'your_password';`
6. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and set the variables as appropriate.
7. Run `direnv allow`.
8. Run `sqlx database setup` to create and migrate the database.
9. Run `cargo run --bin migrate` to execute the Rust migrations.
10. Configure a web server (e.g. NGINX) to proxy to the app server. This is necessary for serving
    assets (CSS, JavaScript, media files). It is also necessary for SSL encryption via Certbot.
    This server will need to enable WebSocket upgrades and X-Real-IP forwarding.
11. Run `cargo run` to start the app server in debug mode.
12. Access the app via `http://localhost` in a browser.
